com/example/diginotes/databinding/FragmentCameraBinding.java
 com.example.diginotes.databinding.FragmentCameraBinding
com/example/diginotes/databinding/FragmentLoginPageBindingImpl.java
 com.example.diginotes.databinding.FragmentLoginPageBindingImpl
com/example/diginotes/databinding/FragmentMainHomePageBinding.java
 com.example.diginotes.databinding.FragmentMainHomePageBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/example/diginotes/databinding/DialogForgotPasswordBinding.java
 com.example.diginotes.databinding.DialogForgotPasswordBinding
com/example/diginotes/databinding/FragmentSignUpBinding.java
 com.example.diginotes.databinding.FragmentSignUpBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/diginotes/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.example.diginotes.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/example/diginotes/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.diginotes.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/diginotes/databinding/FragmentCameraBindingImpl.java
 com.example.diginotes.databinding.FragmentCameraBindingImpl
com/example/diginotes/databinding/FragmentLoginPageBinding.java
 com.example.diginotes.databinding.FragmentLoginPageBinding
com/example/diginotes/databinding/FragmentFirstHomePageBindingImpl.java
 com.example.diginotes.databinding.FragmentFirstHomePageBindingImpl
com/example/diginotes/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.diginotes.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.diginotes.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.diginotes.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/diginotes/databinding/FragmentSignUpBindingImpl.java
 com.example.diginotes.databinding.FragmentSignUpBindingImpl
com/example/diginotes/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.diginotes.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/diginotes/databinding/FragmentFolderOptionsBinding.java
 com.example.diginotes.databinding.FragmentFolderOptionsBinding
com/example/diginotes/BR.java
 com.example.diginotes.BR
com/example/diginotes/databinding/FragmentFolderOptionsBindingImpl.java
 com.example.diginotes.databinding.FragmentFolderOptionsBindingImpl
com/example/diginotes/databinding/FragmentFirstHomePageBinding.java
 com.example.diginotes.databinding.FragmentFirstHomePageBinding
com/example/diginotes/databinding/DialogForgotPasswordBindingImpl.java
 com.example.diginotes.databinding.DialogForgotPasswordBindingImpl
com/example/diginotes/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.diginotes.BuildConfig
com/example/diginotes/databinding/FragmentSpeechToTextBindingImpl.java
 com.example.diginotes.databinding.FragmentSpeechToTextBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/example/diginotes/databinding/FragmentSpeechToTextBinding.java
 com.example.diginotes.databinding.FragmentSpeechToTextBinding
com/example/diginotes/databinding/FragmentMainHomePageBindingImpl.java
 com.example.diginotes.databinding.FragmentMainHomePageBindingImpl
